* **MEET NUMBER** : 2
* **DATE** :  06/10/2017
* **MEETING OBJECTIVE** : DISCUSSION OF RELEASE 1 VIDEO PRESENTATION
* **MEMBERS ATTENTED** : Yahnit(TEAM),Subramanyam(TEAM),Adrian(TEAM),Shubham Kumar(TA Mentor)

SNO | POINTS DISCUSSED
---- | ----
1 |  Discussed about the current status of the project.
2 |  Discussed about the contents of the R1 presentation.
3 |  Discussed about the preparation of the R1 video presentation.
4 |  Discussed about the addition of graphs representing analysis of the player data.

* **TARGETS** : To complete and upload the R1 video presentation along with the completed documentation in the repository.

* **DELIVERABLES** : Delivered the information about the work to be presented in the R1 presentation.

